now we don't just want to look at
keywords of high search volume
because they might take 12 months plus
to rank depending on how much
competition there is
we also want to look at things like
keywords with high intent so what i mean
by that is if someone types it
they may be looking to inquire straight
away
so things like if i'm if i'm searching
let's
take it back to small business rm i
might just be typing that but i might
just be looking for resources
or i might be right at the top of the
sales funnel i might just be looking for
more intel
that's going to give me confidence to
eventually make a query an inquiry
um whereas if i type something like help
with help with crm for small business
or get started on crm for small business
something that's a bit what was called
longer tail
because it has more um keywords in the
search term
i might have a higher intent to actually
go out request that demo or buy
within a short time scale so
what i'm getting to is usually when you
do your keyword research you want to do
a mixture
of search terms perhaps higher intent
that have more
keywords in them that may be quicker to
rank because they're longer
and they may have lower search volume
but they may be quicker for you to rank
and a mixture of
keywords that are shorter and have
higher traffic but more of a long-term
win so by getting a balance
it means you can get some quicker wins
um perhaps some medium term wins and
some longer wins so
really taking the time to understand
what to summarize what products or
services you want to get leads for
what the competitors are doing which
we'll get into a bit more in a sec
and the search volume behind them so
you're not going in blind you're using
data
as well as what your customers are
searching for to really make a sound
decision
so you're putting a solid foundation
into
all these search terms that you're
eventually going to be putting all this
content out to get ranked for